who you need remove hello there and
welcome to topit cast today we're going
to be witnessing a game on retail yes we
are on the
vanilla game right now not the elite mod
just that's where the replay was
submitted don't know why these guys were
playing in retail but that's what they
were doing
yeah so we got Bruce Campbell playing as
a Commando knob Commando knobs base DPS
is pretty much the same as Elite mod in
range but in melee he's insane in retail
we'll see what can happen his melee DPS
is nuts big Shooters do crazy damage in
retail as well so we'll see a lot more
double shooter player here than double
Sluggers we've got copper poock copper
poock copper copper copper playing as a
chaos sorcerer and we've got vagrant as
the Warlock down here running triple
Guardians and cry as the Tech Marine
yeah knobs knobs are really good as well
in the late game but the tier two for
the Orcs is pretty weak
here well actually W truck's super duper
cheap look at that so the stun bomb if
it hits any of the models in retail it
will stun the entire Squad whereas in
Elite mod it will only uh stun the
actual models that get hit you've also
got specials proing on Retreat because
that's the thing
retreating units don't get the increased
melee
skill that they get in the elite
mod Guardians have back to 100 HP each
so they're very squishy by
default and over on this side generally
the K sorcerer is a bit more simplistic
most of his wall gears are really bad
but then again same with the Tech Marine
[Music]
a lot of the war gears in retail are
sort of left over and and never got any
Buffs of course because Relic don't part
the game anymore and they remain in a in
a state that's not really very
functional so bionic is good sorry
bionics isn't good I meant the artificer
is good with the HP regen Heretics are
interesting in retail they've got more
HP than
oite and certainly with the aspiran
champion they are way stronger but
they're 30 power for the aspiran
champion
the Doom blast does more damage as well
but the damage of the Doom blast doesn't
scale whereas in Elite the damage of the
Doom blast scales as your her heretic's
HP
[Music]
Rises could potentially see snipers to
try and counter the Havoc snipers do
much more damage per hit in the retail
game we do have some Rangers coming out
here so you can see they're back to
their single long rifle
ASM A 50 power rather than 45 so it can
be quite the investment to go for
thems
day
am Let's see we got some hidden Sluggers
looking around the sidelines here of
course if they get near to the main line
fighting the Rangers will detect them I
don't know what the plan is
exactly burners I don't know if they
give the HP buffer not so generally not
a great
investment stun bomb stun the care
sorcerer there pretty epic
fail vat of the war from the flame sword
are
legitimate and that is a lot of troops
to retreat for including Point Blank
Devastators and even the retreat
modifier there he's not going to save
those Sluggers they are going to go down
that was really quite a terrible
engagement there from Brucey Bo Bruce
for some reason upgrading to Shooter
knobs first before the big Shooters
which is definitely a bad idea in retail
you definitely want to be going for the
big Shooters first cuz they outrageous
level of damage but Shooters nonetheless
inspite of that op upgrade cut out in
the open there fighting far too many
opponents who R cover too few models
they're got to get out of there and we
are going to see ASM coming out for
cry bit of Mis micro I suppose over
there lost his Tech Marine I guess to
the CSM
fire kinetic pulse to try and control
the ticks seem to work quite well but
only having one long rifle not very good
against
Heretics so Bruce going to replace the
Sluggers let's have a look at the Eco
here yeah it doesn't really look like
too much else can come out Guardian is
going to be super wary of that custom
shooter from the Commando knob it will
burn them down very quick
there you go k sorcer is going to
initiate with his flame sword teleport
combo now the kov can go in and start
bleeding
Guardians kind
of teleport on the devs there we go can
he proc a special yeah nope we just kill
a Dev though wow that is a long range
Sun
bomb hey it caught the
ASM but he has left himself for able to
the
Devastators Emperor
your I think tactical Marines have less
HP as well in retail I think they're
1,50 are they in in Elite are they can't
remember wow a lot of dead Eldar there
yeah running out into W boosted double
for the upgraded Shooters and a Commando
knob is not a nice situation to be
in yeah 20 power War truck is very good
so like I say the death dread is kind of
[__] it uh cost too much and it's just
not really very
strong but
the W truck's amazing it's only 20 power
none of the walkers in retail get melee
resist which makes them
very questionable in a lot of
instances melee Walkers not getting
melee resist yeah it's not not
ideal can be match up
dependent like Orcs if they're not the
War Boss don't really have a lot of
heavy melee in tier 2 so you can still
get a r lo give it the shuriken keep it
in range stance and you usually will be
all
right coporo uh Co copper
poock copper copper Pock copper pock
is going to be going for plague Marines
plague
Marines yeah just ubiquitous in
compositions for chaos in retail they're
really really strong their bolters
do more damage and their explosion is
even stronger when they die and the
result is that they're just really quite
ludicrous they've also got four models
as well which normally would be a
disadvantage because it means you get
range damage bleed sooner
and you just bleed more in general right
if you got four models as opposed to
threee with the same HP and damage
but
wow Havoc just slay the [__] s there
that's crazy oh can they get the wipe on
the
Havoc they got to get out of there man
oh there's a lot of FW they I'm Lan yeah
and then they have the sergeant the way
as well
wow so those Sluggers out good but yeah
four models and plague Marines actually
quite helpful for them because of course
they explode don't they when they're
killed
so and they'll also heal the other
plague Marines when they die which it
just makes them so tanky and just night
Mar G to really deal with to be
honest oh also it's more HP regen cuz
you got five HP regen on every single
model so a maximum of 20 not
15 let's see what this does yeah wow
look at that when the heal heals the
other the the other dead models it's
just absolutely crazy to be
honest and there it is the cheap W truck
depositing a whole load of Shooters onto
the battlefield now the good thing with
the shooters is at least they don't
scale past tier one in any
way warlock better be careful over here
keep an eye on his health
bar whilst we witness the destruction
that the shooters cause yeah looks like
the Wallock just retreated out of that
as soon as you seen the Sluggers coming
in of course warlock they got no
upgrades not going to do a whole
lot right Lance is shooting the war
truck does it get out yeah yeah it just
manages
to and a librarian for cry wow cry does
not have a lot of resources I know he
replaced the ASM sge but jeez I guess he
had to Reby The Tech Marine as well not
sure he got the sergeant on the tactical
Space Marine oh we got a plasma gun too
wow okay oh sh all right yeah he he's
bought loads of upgrades he's got signam
armor he's got melted gun and now we're
seeing the blood letters as well blood
letterers are heavy melee in
retail and they actually have less HP
than they do in the elite mod as well so
it's funny they're actually worse
anti-infantry than in the elite mod
but they basically negate all vehicle
play I mean they can teleport in and
deal with fire prisms very
easily so it is a little bit weird that
vagrant is going for the fire prism to
be honest vagrant going for fast tier
three is also a little bit
weird yeah you can see here blood Le has
been heavy melee not too fearsome the
amount of DPS they do to the Tactical
Marines not quite as high as it would be
in Elite mod and then in Elite mod they
have 20% more Health
1,200 of course they wouldn't kill
[__] melee units though vehicles in
melee ooh bit of a tricky spot there W
Tru didn't want to move away in case the
Tech Marine pursued and killed it on the
move with a melter gun but wow this is
so much pleed for cry nearly losing the
damn librarian as well but these Bloods
need to be careful where they gone
what he teleported his entire army with
the global back to
base yeah that W Global on the sorcerer
nice addition to the elite mod for sure
changed it so that you can actually
Target it on specific things in retail
they use that Global it literally it
teleports every single unit that you
have to the
sorcerer a lot less utility on
it and I think the sorcer really needs
that utility to make him stand out
compared to the PC and
the the chos Lord nice amush
here boom snary missile launcher ah into
blood letters yes is dead
prism chop chop chop chop oh he messed
it up the second plague Marine shot
didn't come out wow and the paing of the
prism was slightly messing up oh now
we're seeing sigila the rift players
what the [__] is going on here ASM to
disrupt the plague Marines even though
they got sigil wow but they still get
the missile off from the PRI prism still
just within range and you can see there
in combination with the heavy melee
blood that is that is going to be
sufficient to take out the prism bit of
a weird Choice from vagrant really he
should know better since he was playing
the retail game for long longer than
most
players should have known
better blood letterers are fantastic in
retail against any tank never mind the
fire prism which of course has less HP
and less speed than your conventional
tanks but SE Council they're exclusive
to the far seer in retail so the only
thing that vant can really get is an
avatar and that's why I wouldn't have
gone tier three I'd have just gone riff
shurik can Canon range r fls with triple
Guardians to support it could have
actually done quite well then later on
you can go tier three and get D
cannons Smite does more damage from the
librarian in
retail it's a pretty absurd amount of
damage it's probably one of the only
things that SP SM have that are actually
too strong in
retail that the terminat forse Commander
I think the Terminator forse Commander
is
cheaper getting some warlocks out at
last I don't really know what vagrant
doing to be
honest
it the T three is just a total
waste I mean a lot of damage coming into
the pl Marin here they are marked take
even more
don't imagine this sorcerer will last
for long in this
free yeah way too many units here
man I don't know what this is this is
weird he's like fighting he's just
sending units in one by one and of
course they're just going to get wrecked
they're fighting a whole Army one by one
silly Sluggers managed to Route the
triple Guardians down bottom but the
Wallock has something to say about that
but there is a battle
[Music]
wagon that's going to be difficult to
deal with now the battle wagon oh wow
he's calling in Commandos as well jeez
massive power Spike here for Bruce this
battle wagon is terrifying it will I
think give units in retreat with that
roller I think does it yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah there you go tearing through
iCal Space
Marines doesn't quite finish them off
though going for a big shot with a
cannon boom only clipped those guardians
but did a lot of damage nonetheless corn
Marines here for
cop and a lot of boys going to come out
of that battle wagon oh just Heretics
even wow game looking decent right now
for the blue team I don't know how
they're going to deal with a battle
wagon no real AV on the field Commandos
as well for Bruce yeah I mean I mean
Bruce's composition just amazing Copp
kind of holding on for long enough
there felt like Bruce wasn't really
contributing to the other
game not that much but the wook was
cheap and just enough Effectiveness I
suppose
to get him into TI three safely I don't
know what this is right now what the
[__] is he doing he's depositing
Shooters on top of turrets that's not
going to be doing too much you got a
bright Lance shooting its ass B wagon
does take that extra damage from
it
yeah it's dead man look at the Ark on
that brightland it's beautiful beautiful
Ark please tell me it's not going to
live there's no
way dude it's on 5
HP even Shen catapults could nearly kill
it oh took it out with a Smite by the
librarian beautifully done I mean
absolutely absurd that they were in that
situation holy
[__] the fire prism shot afterwards as
well doing crazy amounts of damage to
all the
boys I have no idea why Bruce is going
into the base there I mean one of the
big changes in retail is that there is
no damage resistance or a for the base
whereas you you literally take half
damage in your base in Elite mode so
doing sort of rushes into the base with
transports with things like blood
crushes and of course super units
especially if you can drop a nuke as
well can be very
effective I think cry there saying go
heal you warlock I'll cap this with My
Librarian quickening On The Librarian
will not give him knockback immunity so
he's a lot more vulnerable in retail
youve got to be very careful oh and
subjugation subjugated units will take
damage so you can subjugate the enemy's
unit and then have the
enemy kill
him or you can oh I don't know what i s
of missed that there I was just staring
at the
librarian but yeah your enemy if they
fighting a subjugated unit they're just
not going to attack it right but what
you can do is you can use things that
will do friend fire to wipe the enemy's
unit whilst it's subjugated like
subjugating the
enemy Terminators and then using your
nuke Imperial abys on the Terminators
that you subjugated and the enemy
obviously can't control their
Terminators cuz they're subjugated but
then they die that's why subjugated
units were made invulnerable in the
elite mod but whether or not I like that
change is a whole different
question definitely negated a lot of the
value of that subjugate War gear
big flesh hook on the Tech Marine there
is he in trouble yeah Sluggers are going
to grab him in
Retreat
well another Super unit and a looted
tank for the blue team now I'm not
really sure how the red team are going
to contend with this there's another
fire
prism but that's trying to duel a plague
Marine Squad right now and that is going
to not be a good fight for them
yeah and a last Havoc behind it as well
jeez I mean the prison will be able to
chain knock back the well either one of
these squads but obviously not both
unless they blob the problem is it's
going to take it so long using its
dispers
shot to actually take out the plague
Marines cuz of the HP regen I mean I
can't imagine how long that would take
it' be well over a minute and he
obviously wants the fire prism the main
action he wants to be using it to
contend with the looted to Triple the
go put it into dispers shot and knock
over all of those orc
boys but vagrant securing this side of
the map obviously Bruce got most of his
units around the battle wagon which is
on the other side near the Natural where
is the battle
wagon oh no not the battle wagon anymore
the battle wagon went down he's got the
mini battle wagon he's got a war truck
yeah he never lost the war truck but he
lost the battle wagon how ridiculous is
that I mean this game should have been
over with the battle wagon purch just to
be honest but Bruce
obviously partially trolling there with
his massive
commitment and again overc
commits pushing the war trp way too far
forward I don't know if you realized
that there was a fire prism in play must
have
done
surely maybe not
uh we got a looted tank attempting to
flank but it's been itself chased by a
Predator Tank and it gets caught in the
ass by a Predator Tank cannon that is
the looted tank going down I mean I
suppose there's potential here
then
us trying to subjugate the ASM so that
they're in like they're behind the the
great and clean one yeah hits it with a
vomit and then the got to retreat past
him oh the grand clle would just missed
him [__] that could have been a wipe on
the ASM Squad check out the damage they
taken from the damage over time from the
plague balls of the plague Marines as
well yeah literally just one more swing
from the goo if it was positioned a bit
faster that would have been a dead ASM
Squad dark
flams C's got red for an orbital but
orbital bombardment in retail is not
very good the distance so do you know
you use the obal bombardment right you
click somewhere and then you get a big
circle where you can click two more for
the beams well in retail if we say in
Elite mod if I click here I'd be able to
click like here for
distance in retail it's like a circle
this big it's ridiculous it's a tiny
[__] Circle it's like the Manticore
Circle that's how wide it is the orbital
bombardment Circle in retail it's really
small and it makes it very bad
cuz generally if one beam's going to hit
the enemy the beams have such high
knockback strength that it would knock
the enemy out of the range of any of
your secondary beams in retail cuz
they're so tightly positioned together
anyway a really nice flank here on the
Predator we got the snare from the
plague Marines and we've got zinch chaos
Predator going to take that loyalist
Predator out pretty easily DC Cannon is
in play along with fire prism and melter
gun Tech Marine can they actually take
out the Goa is he yeah is ring a vomit
just to disrupt that D Canon but he
needs to get out of there does the
goo he's getting chopped to Pieces by a
librarian that's power
melee where's the Tech Marine
gone oh I can't click the Tech Marine I
assume he's in the webway gate the
librarian got subjugated and set to
melee with the D Canon I really like
that play taking the DC Cannon out of
the game and the librarian both of whom
were doing a lot of damage to the go but
the go nonetheless is going to fall C
that fire prison was contributing the
whole time Tech Marine pushing forward
trying to get range for the prism but
this is actually a really bad spot prism
too far forward doesn't want to be
trading 1 V one with a la Canon Predator
going to get absolutely wrecked one more
shot from the Predator will be the end
of that prism of course these
bloodletter summons from the Demonic
summoning of the chaos sorcerer
themselves will do heavy melee cuz all
blood letters do heavy melee in this
game we have 10 VPS n VPS eight VPS and
falling for the red team and I think
that is GG Scouts are on the point here
but if con Marines kill them that will
be the end of it and I think the corn
Marines will kill them no they won't the
librarian is going to take
over Scouts knocking him away with
explosive shot trying to stay in play
WoW
quickening fail of
time uh you're dead must be quicking him
right must have been quicking
him oh my
God the pistols now they killing the
librarian there and Bruce Campbell has
another battle wagon what the
heck ow suddenly after that colossal
fight both teams and all four players
have very few
units
remaining but Bruce is using his coold
Downs well another call down of
Commandos get him on the field instantly
no waiting for the build
time it's good dark Flames I'm actually
surprised how little damage that's doing
to the web boy gate I thought it would
have done more but
okay not sure you'll get the revive
there mate oh a little lit there on the
subjugate bang wow okay sorcerer nearly
going down I don't think you can cancel
the
subjugate so that's the thing it's a bit
more high risk the elite mod really does
not like highrisk high reward uh game
play really don't like
it which is a shame
really a venerable dreadn but there's
literally a ma of
Zin Predator here which to be fair was
getting wrecked by the deanon of the
bright Lance oh but they decapped the
middle and they Deca the natural with
the corn Marines nothing got rid of the
Corn Marines sneaky little bastards
eh cor Marines are great side cappers
really good I like to see them in play
as well yeah nice
wow there you go boys a bit of retail
2v2 what do you think of that one
strange one for
sure bit memory from Bruce but yeah it
works really doesn't
it it's going to be all from your by
topy this time I am signing out
[Music]
a